6 million lives were saved by Bill Gates with vaccines and better healthcare.
Ancient Babylonians did math in base 60 instead of base 10. That's why we have 60 seconds in a minute and 360 degrees in a circle.
Harry Potter books have been translated into more than 70 languages.
Human inhabitants first settled in the Amazon rainforest at least 11,200 years ago
There is a pilgrimage site in Sri Lanka that is holy to four religions for a "sacred footprint": Hinduism, Islam, Buddhism and Christianity.
The Sun formed about 4.6 billion years ago from the collapse of part of a giant molecular cloud that consisted mostly of hydrogen and helium
Iran arrested 14 squirrels for spying in 2007
Nearly one tourist has died every week in Hawaii, on average, from 2012 to 2015.
3 in every 10 teen girls in the U.S. get pregnant
3.4 million people die each year from water-related causes
A young Isaac Newton once threatened to burn his mother and stepfather alive.
In Peru, there's a billboard that creates drinkable water out of thin air
In 2005, an Ethiopian girl was being brutally beaten by 7 men when a pride of lions chased them away. They even stayed with her until help arrived.
Benjamin Franklin wrote "Fart Proudly", a scientific essay about farts.
Popcorn was first domesticated in Mexico 9,000 years ago.
The 2011 earthquake near Japan increased the Earth's rotation speed, shortening the day by 1.8 microseconds.
When Neil Armstrong and Buzz Aldrin landed on the Moon, they honored soviet cosmonaut Yuri Gagarin by leaving behind one of his medals.
Sweat itself is odorless. It's the bacteria on the skin that mingles with it and produces body odor.
Pluto was discovered  by a young  research assistant  in 1930.
Killing someone to prevent the theft of property is legal in Texas
In 1900, all the world's mathematical knowledge could be written in about 80 books; today it would fill more than 100,000 books.
Pluto, Mickey Mouse's dog, was named after the planet, not the other way around
All pandas in the world are on loan from China
In 1989, Margaret Thatcher pleaded with Mikhail Gorbachev to keep the Berlin Wall up.
China uses 45 billion chopsticks per year.
There's only one STOP sign in the entire city of Paris.
The Titanic could have been saved if it wasn't for a 30-second delay in giving the order to change course after spotting the iceberg
In 2013, a fake tweet temporarily wiped out US$130 billion off the stock market
A tiger's roar can be heard as far as 1.8 miles (3 km) away
It's illegal for foreigners to take Indian currency (rupees) out of India
Recycling one ton of paper saves 682.5 gallons of oil, 7,000 gallons of water and 3.3 cubic yards of landfill space
With over 4 billion people and 30% of Earth's total land area, Asia is the Earth's largest and most populous continent.
New Brain Connections Are Created Every Time You Form a Memory
The Pentagon has a plan for combating a zombie apocalypse
Civilian casualties on D-Day and D+1 are estimated at 3,000 people.
North Korean archaeologists announced the world in 2012 they "discovered" lair of the UNICORN ridden by legendary King Tongmyung 2000 years ago.
Every minute,2 million searches are performed on Google.
A beautiful face attracts more partners than a beautiful body, according to a scientific survey.
There is a persistent storm at Lake Maracaibo, Venezuela. Lightning storms occur for about 10 hours a night, 140 to 160 nights a year, for a total of about 1.2 million lightning discharges per year.
27,000 trees are felled each day for toilet paper
Farting helps reduce high blood pressure and is good for your health.
The Blue-ringed octopus is one of the world's most venomous marine animals: it can kill you in one bite, there is no anti-venom.
People who spend a lot of time on the internet are more likely to be depressed, lonely and mentally unstable, a study found.
Until the 1970s in Belgium, table beer was served in schools refectories.
When Fidel Castro seized power in Cuba, he immediately ordered all game sets of Monopoly to be destroyed.
In 2010, the Catholic Church had an income of US$97 billion.
Monkey brains are eaten as a delicacy in parts of China, South Asia and Africa.
The roar of a lion can be heard from 8 kilometers (5.0 miles) away.
Australian koalas are in danger of extinction because over half of them have chlamydia.
Classical Greek culture, which flourished during the 5th to 4th centuries BC, had a powerful influence on the Roman Empire and provided the foundation of modern Western culture.
Goldfish can see infrared radiation that is invisible to us.
Chimpanzees share 99% of their DNA with humans, and mice are 98% genetically similar to humans.
Men with attractive wives report higher levels of satisfaction with their marriages, a study says.
The three largest branches of Christianity are the Roman Catholic Church, the Eastern Orthodox Church and the various denominations of Protestantism.
Dinosaurs lived on Earth for 150 million years. We've been around for just 0.1% of that time.
15 billion cigarettes are smoked worldwide every day
Goldfish can't close their eyes as they have no eyelids.
In 2008, a chimpanzee named Anjana adopted and raised two baby white tigers named Mitra and Shiva after a hurricane.
WW1 was the sixth deadliest conflict in world history.
The smallest known dinosaur was about four inches (10 cm) tall and weighed less than a chihuahua.
Leonardo DiCaprio's name is Leonardo because his mother was standing in front of a Leonardo Da Vinci's portrait when he first kicked.
Hiroshima and Nagasaki are not radioactive anymore mostly because the bombs didn't touch the ground but were detonated in the air.
In 1990, Harry Potter author J. K. Rowling was on a crowded train from Manchester to London when the idea for Harry suddenly "fell into her head".
11.2 million people live in Cuba as of 2019.
At least 690 executions were recorded by Amnesty International in 20 countries in 2018, a decrease of 31% compared to 2017.
Prostitutes in the Netherlands pay taxes
At least 1 in 25 people sentenced to the death penalty in the U.S. are innocent.
Over 1.5 million Venezuelans --4% to 6% of the country's population-- left Venezuela following Hugo Chavez's Bolivarian Revolution
Leif Erikson is regarded as the first European to land in North America, nearly 500 years before Columbus.
Banana ketchup is popular in the Philippines.
The South American revolutionary Simon Bolivar was, at various times, president of Bolivia, Colombia, Ecuador, Peru and Venezuela.
A Father's Diet Before Conception Plays a Crucial Role in a Child's Health.
When George Washington passed away in 1799,  Britain's entire Royal Navy lowered its flags at half mast.
Low vitamin D levels during pregnancy have been linked to autism.
1 in 5 people in the world still lacks access to modern electricity
After the Vietnam war, farmers recycled thousands of external fuel tanks from U.S. aircraft to create river boats and canoe
In Thailand, Burma, Sri Lanka, Cambodia and Lao, the Buddhist New Year is celebrated for three days.
In 2012, Elvis Presley's underwear was auctioned off but no one bought it.
We Are Living In The Most Peaceful Time In Human History.
In Iran, a law from 2013 allows Men to marry their 13-year-old adopted daughters
Monkeys can count.
Steve Jobs was dyslexic
The Mount Everest grows 0.1576 inches (4mm) each year
No man has been on the Moon in the last 41 years.
Elvis Presley didn't write any of his songs.
The Death Penalty is legal in 32 U.S. states.
In 2001, Argentina had 5 presidents in 10 days.
It took Danny Elfman just two days to compose The Simpsons famous theme in 1989
The Eiffel Tower was built for the 1889 Paris Exposition and was not intended to be permanent
Martin Luther King Jr. plagiarized a significant portion of his doctoral dissertation from one written by another student 3 years earlier.
With over 95.5 million inhabitants as of 2019, Egypt is the most populous country in the Arab world and the third-most populous in Africa.
The second-largest lake in Bolivia is called Lake Poopo. It's not a freshwater lake
It's scientifically proven: being in love makes you a less productive person.
On any given workday, up to 50,000 employees worked in the WTC twin towers before 9/11.
It snowed in the Sahara Desert in 1979.
Over 20,000 people die of Cancer every day.
In 1994, a 75-pound bag of cocaine fell out of a plane and landed in the middle of a Florida crime watch meeting.
1 billion people speak English. That's 1 in every 7 on earth.
Between 1974 and 1983, up to 30,000 people went "missing" in Argentina. Most were killed by the military junta running the country.
Anne Frank's family was denied visas by the U.S. because of stricter immigration policies.
The Queen of the Netherlands is Argentinian
The Titanic's chief baker "fortified" himself with alcohol and thus survived the freezing water for 2 hours until he was rescued
Hawaii's largest-ever earthquake occurred in 1868 and the aftershocks are still being observed.
In 2011, the population of Ireland was about 6.4 million, ranking it the second-most populous island in Europe after Great Britain.
Most homes in Bolivia have a dried llama fetus thrown under its foundations for luck
An earthquake on Dec. 16, 1811 caused parts of the Mississippi River to flow backwards.
William Shakespeare's six surviving signatures have different spellings, including "Shakspere
Shaksper" and "Shakspeare.". The right spelling has been in dispute for centuries.
When the first prototype of Apple's iPod was shown to Steve Jobs, he dropped it in an aquarium and used the air bubbles to prove there was empty space and it could be made smaller
Earth is the only place in the solar system where a total solar eclipse can happen
The tiger's stripes are not only found on their fur, but also on their skin
There is more CO2 (carbon dioxide) in the atmosphere today than at any point in the last 800,000 years.
In Switzerland, some people still regularly eat dog and cat meat. It's legal in the country
Google hired a camel to create the Street View of a desert.
There's a virus that attacks human DNA making people less intelligent, impairing brain activity, learning and memory
Square Watermelons are grown by Japanese farmers for easier stack and store.
A new scientific method called 'toxineering' turns venoms into painkillers
Elvis Presley was naturally blonde. He dyed his hair black.
The "smell of rain" is caused by a bacteria called actinomycetes.
Texas declared its independence from Mexico in 1836 and became a Republic until it joined the U.S. in 1845
Every hour, at least 1 person is killed by a drunk driver in the U.S.
A Colombian woman was raised by monkeys after being kidnaped and abandoned in the jungle as a child.
A face-recognition software determined that Leonardo Da Vinci's Mona Lisa is 83% happy, 9% disgusted, 6% fearful, and 2% angry.
China is the world's largest exporter and second-largest importer of goods.
A new word in English is created every 98 minutes.
In North Korea, the year is counted after the birth of its founder, Kim II-Sung. In 2013, it was the year 202.
North Korea is the world's only necrocracy: a government that still operates under the rules of a former, dead leader.
Judas sold Jesus for the equivalent of 4 months' pay of a working man.
The Simpsons crew sent flowers to South Park studios when they parodied Family Guy.
Thousands of marine creatures die by mistakenly swallowing plastic bags that resemble jellyfish
The Statue of Liberty used to have a reddish brown color
Iceland has Europe's largest banana plantation.
Snakes can open their mouth up to 150 degrees
Over 5,000 climbers have successfully reached Mount Everest's peak, including a 13-year-old, a blind person, and a 73-year-old woman
Lionesses find lions with darker manes more attractive.
During the Christmas season, almost 28 LEGO sets are sold every second.
If you announce your goals to others, you are less likely to make them happen because you lose motivation, studies confirmed
1.3 million Earths could fit inside the sun, an average-sized star.
Italy is the largest producer of wine in the world.
In 1600, a volcano eruption in Peru caused a famine that killed about 2 million people in Russia
Bill Gates continued to fly coach until 1997, when his net worth was already US$36 billion.
Four Japanese scientists measured the amount of friction between a shoe, a banana skin and the floor: it's 0.07.
Sweden has the largest scale model of the solar system in the world. It is in the scale of 1:20 million and stretches 950 km across the country
There are more than 1,000 species of banana. We eat only one of them.
The Golden Gate Bridge project cost more than US$35 million, completing ahead of schedule and under budget.
Jamaica, Colombia and St Lucia are the only countries where a woman is more likely to be a boss than a man.
Mexican General Santa Anna had an elaborate state funeral for his amputated leg.
The oldest octopus fossil is  296 million years old.
Research conducted on comedians and funny people have shown they are usually more depressed than average.
You can tell the age of a whale by counting the rings in its earwax
Canada's lowest recorded temperature was -81.4 degrees Fahrenheit (-63 C) in 1947
Every second, Americans collectively eat 100 pounds of chocolate.
Despite being a Jew, Karl Marx hated Judaism and said that "money is the jealous god of Israel."
The UK spent US$15.8 billion in a health service computer system that failed and was shut down in 2013
When a Google employee dies, their spouses receive half pay from the company for 10 years and their children US$1,000 per month until they turn 19.
There is a prison in Bolivia where inmates rent their own cells, can live with their families, charge tourists for tours and at one point produced almost all the cocaine in Bolivia
The cities of Aachen, Regensburg, Frankfurt-am-Main, Nuremberg, Weimar, Bonn and Berlin have all been capitals of Germany
The Netherlands close eight prisons in 2013 due to lack of criminals
The budget for the Movie "Titanic" was higher than the Titanic itself
In Korea and Japan, there is a Cat Cafe where you can go to drink coffee and hang out with cats for hours.
There's a nail polish that detects date rape drugs by dipping a finger into the drink.
Al Pacino was the first "face" on Facebook.
The Macaw is the national animal of Brazil.
JFK bought 1,200 cuban cigars just hours before signing the embargo against Cuba.
There are 17 to 20 species of penguins, depending on which scientist you ask
With some males exceeding 250 kg (550 lb) in weight, the Lion is the second-largest living cat after the tiger.
One tiger alone killed 430 people in Nepal and India in the 19th century
Leonardo Da Vinci was the first to explain why the sky is blue.
Olympic Gold Medals only contain 1.34% of gold.
Cocaine can be purchased for about US$5 per gram in Colombia while in the U.S. it sells for at least US$100.
More Colombians die every year from American tobacco than Americans die from Colombian cocaine.
Hawaii, Vermont, Alaska, and Maine have all banned billboards.
Brazil was once called "United States of Brazil."
The least corrupt countries in the world are New Zealand and Denmark, according to the Corruptions Perception Index.
Christopher Columbus correctly predicted an eclipse to trick the native inhabitants of Jamaica into giving him food and supplies.
The city of Lusail, host of the 2022 FIFA World Cup Final game, does not exist yet
Benjamin Franklin, one of the Founding Fathers of the U.S., was also a leading author, printer, political theorist, politician, freemason, postmaster, scientist, inventor, civic activist, statesman, and diplomat.
Elvis Presley is considered the best-selling individual artist of all time, with over 500 million records sold.
Brazil occupies 47.3% of South America and borders all other countries except Ecuador and Chile.
The Amazon represents more than half of the Earth's rainforests
Most Hindus say Euthanasia interrupts the timing of the cycle of rebirth and both the doctor and patient will take on bad karma as a result.
1,665 steps are needed to climb all the way to the top of the Eiffel Tower
Mars is red because it is covered in rust (iron oxide).
75%of people who marry partners from an affair eventually divorce.
An Octopus with 96 tentacles was caught in Japan in 2008.
Kissing can cause tooth decay.
The smallest horse in the world is just 17 inches (43 cm) tall and weighs 57 lb (26 kg)
Sam Houston, the general who won Texas independence from Mexico, was removed  from his post as Governor after refusing to support the Confederacy on the Civil War.
The Quran, Islam's most sacred book, means recitation in Arabic.
2200 years ago, Eratosthenes estimated the Earth's circumference using math, without ever leaving Egypt. He was remarkably accurate. Christopher Columbus later studied him.
A Jewish sect, Neturei Karta, supports Palestine and calls for a peaceful dismantling of the State of Israel.
Since 1900, there have been an average of 18 major earthquakes and one great earthquake per year.
The word "volcano" originally comes from the name of the Roman god of fire, Vulcan
The southernmost active volcano on Earth is in Antarctica. It spews crystals and is very close to the U.S. Research Center
People who endure more than 45-minute commute are 40% more likely to divorce.
Babies are born with no bacteria in their bodies.
During WW2, Japan received Jewish refugees and rejected the resulting Nazi German protests.
Scientists can turn peanut butter into diamonds.
77%of Russia is made up of Siberia
With 61 million inhabitants, Italy is the 5th most populous country in Europe.
Bullying affects nearly 1 in 3 American schoolchildren in grades six through 10.
There's a hotel in Bolivia made almost entirely of salt, complete with salt beds and chairs
Famous left-handed people include Napoleon, Da Vinci, Michelangelo, Einstein, Newton, Bill Gates, Oprah, Obama and Jimi Hendrix.
The average visitor to Las Vegas gambles US$447.
Half of all women who die from homicide are killed by their current or former husbands or partners.
Study after study has found that marijuana is less harmful than alcohol and tobacco.
When you get a book published in Norway, the Government will buy a 1000 copies and distribute them to libraries.
Sudan has more pyramids than Egypt.
It is illegal to own a hamster in Hawaii .
The World's Oldest Company operated in Japan from 578 AD to 2006.
During the Vietnam War, American troops would eat small amounts of C4 plastic explosive to get high
A 20-month-old baby became the youngest professional soccer player ever, after being signed up by a Belgian club
Coffee beans aren't beans. They are fruit pits.
Apollo astronauts trained in Iceland because it was felt that the terrain would most resemble the surface of the moon.
Breast cancer is one of the most survivable types of cancers over a five year period.
When Benjamin Franklin invented his own harmonica, it became so popular in Europe that Mozart and Beethoven composed music for it.
The World's Largest Chocolate Bar Weighed 5,792 kg (12,770 lb).
Apple's co-founder sold all his shares for $800.Today, they would have been worth US$35 billion.
Cuddling triggers the same neurological reaction as taking painkillers.
Global warming could drive to extinction as many as 1 in 6 animal and plant species.
On Mars, sunsets are blue.
Isaac Newton was a Member of Parliament for a year and said only one sentence: he asked a nearby usher to close an open window.
The practice of burying the dead may date back 350,000 years.
Fat Man was the codename for the atomic bomb that was detonated over Nagasaki.
Men are struck by lightning five times more often than women.
Every day, nearly 4000 teens in the U.S. smoke their first cigarette while 1,000 start smoking on a daily basis
The King James Bible has inspired the lyrics of more pop songs than any other book.
The boomslang snake's venom causes you to bleed from all holes of your body
There's US$75 trillion in the entire world. If this is distributed amongst all people on Earth, each person will have less than $11,000.
Washoe, the chimpanzee, was the first non-human to learn American Sign Language. She also passed on her knowledge to other chimpanzees.
Iquitos, Peru is the largest city in the world inaccessible by road. It's located deep in the Amazon rainforest and has over 400,000 people
Twitter has 310 million monthly active users, almost the same as the U.S. population
Bob Marley's final words were "Money can't buy life."
The Bible is partially or completely available in 3,384 languages, as of 2019.
Snakes range in size from the tiny, 10 cm-long thread snake, to the reticulated python of up to 6.95 meters (22.8 ft) in length
The official name of Spain is the "Kingdom of Spain.
The Emperor Penguin is able to dive to depths of over 500m and stay under water for up to 27 minutes
There are species of ants that enslaved other ants
English was first introduced to Ireland in the Norman invasion in the 12th century.
Bananas don't grow on trees. They are produced by herbaceous plants.
About 50% of Asians have trouble metabolizing alcohol due to a missing liver enzyme needed to process it.
Legalizing marijuana would generate $8.7 billion in federal and state tax revenue per year.
Over 100,000 people have applied for a one-way trip to colonize Mars in 2022.
All of the bacteria in our body collectively weighs about 4 pounds.
The combined wealth of the 85 richest people is equal to that of poorest 3.5 billion --half of the world's population
Leo Da Vinci's studies of river erosion convinced him that Earth is much older than the Bible implies.
Unfaithful men have lower IQs according to a scientific study.
A Giraffe's legs alone are taller than most humans: about 6 feet (1.81 m).
Police officers in one state in India are given a slight pay upgrade for having a moustache
1 in 3 worldwide deaths in 2012 were caused by Cardiovascular diseases.
The average human will yawn around 250,000 times over the course of his life.
Zebras are responsible for more injuries to U.S. zookeepers than any other animal
Steve Jobs was adopted. His biological father was Abdulfattah Jandali, a Syrian Muslim
In 2012, A 10-Year-Old Accidentally Conceived an Unstable Molecule in Science Class called: Tetranitratoxycarbon
10% of pregnancies end in miscarriage
Drug possession and trafficking are punished in Singapore with the death penalty.
All three Grammys Elvis Presley won, were for his gospel songs.
The earliest evidence of human presence in Ireland is dated at 12,800 BC.
In Judaism there are4 different New Year days.
Alexander the Great washed his hair in saffron to keep it shiny and orange.
62 million girls were out of school in 2014
Capuchin monkeys show biases against humans who deny help to others.
Recycling a single plastic bottle can conserve enough energy to light a 60W bulb for up to 6 hours
A Bonsai Tree planted in 1626 survived the atomic bomb at Hiroshima and now resides in a U.S. Museum.
Japan consists of over 6,800 islands.
If a zebra is attacked, its family will come to its defense circling the wounded zebra and attempting to drive off predators
Argentina is subdivided into 23 provinces and one autonomous city, Buenos Aires. Each have their own constitutions, but exist under a federal system.
Los Angeles, California, is the second most populous city in the U.S.
Australia is the world's sixth-largest country by total area.
Inca architecture was built to be earthquake resistant. Inca masonry is effective in withstanding even major tremors.
Modern humans first arrived in Iberia (now Spain), from the north on foot, about 35,000 years ago
Martin Luther King Jr. had previously used his "dream" rhetoric many times before his famous speech in other lesser-known speeches.
The average divorcee takes almost 18 months to get over the split.
Between 10 and 20 volcanoes are erupting somewhere on Earth every day
6 out of 10 teenagers in the U.S. say they witness bullying in school once a day.
There are 40 extant species of dolphins.
The Amazon rainforest encompasses an area of 5,500,000 sq kilometres (2,100,000 sq mi), two times the size of Argentina
There are more than 400 distinct phobias well recognized by psychologists
Globally, women are paid less than men. Women in most countries earn on average only 60 to 75% of men's wages
Fidel Castro was born on a Friday the 13th.
William Shakespeare was born and died on the same day
72%of Spain speaks Spanish. The rest speaks Catalan, Galician, Basque and others
Hawaii is the only U.S. state with a majority Asian American population, at 58%.
Paraguay boasts the world's third-biggest fleet of tug-propelled barges, behind the U.S. and China.
Small traces of gold have been found in the leaves of Eucalyptus trees.
Spain was the third most visited country in the world in 2013
Racial segregation in South Africa began in colonial times under the Dutch Empire, then the British, and became an official policy in 1948, lasting until 1991
Every Christmas, 1 million letters are addressed to Santa Clausat his own postal code: "H0H 0H0, North Pole, Canada."
The average number of readers of any given published scientific paper is said to be 0.6
People in the United States eat 9 billion chickens and 150 million cattle, pigs and sheep annually, and we use around 26 million animals for research, 95% of which are rodents, birds and fish.
The Bible, Steve Jobs' Bio, and the Hunger Games, are the most highlighted kindle books ever
Along with 1.4 million tons of debris removed, 19,435 body parts were recovered from the WTC after 9/11.
Apple is the world's largest IT company by revenue and total assets, and the world's second-largest mobile phone manufacturer.
D-Day was originally set for June 5 but had to be postponed for 24 hours due to bad weather.
Anne Frank's sister, Margot, also had a diary. It was never found.
95% of all data in the world is still stored on paper. Most of it is never looked at again
The Liberty Bell and Big Ben were cast by the same bell foundry and both bells are cracked.
A secretary once told Steve Jobs she was late for work because her car wouldn't start. That afternoon, Jobs threw her a set of keys for a brand new Jaguar, saying: "Here, don't be late anymore."
The Aztecs used Cacao seeds as a form of currency.
Most of New Zealand's population of 4.5 million is of European descent. The indigenous Maori are the largest minority at almost 15%.
The West first learned of the giant panda in 1869, when a French missionary received a skin from a hunter
There are 5 planets you can see with the naked eye, not using a telescope: Mercury, Venus, Mars, Jupiter and Saturn
There are virtually no differences in brain anatomy between people with autism and those without.
Mars has the tallest known mountain on a planet of our Solar System, with a height of 22 km (14 mi).
The word 'Buddha' is a title, which means 'one who is awake', in the sense of having 'woken up to reality'.
The word "desert" comes from the Latin "desertum" which means "an abandoned place".
The Fastest Goal in Soccer history was scored just over 2 seconds after kick-off
Indonesia is the world's largest island country, with more than 13,000 islands.
Facebook is primarily blue because Mark Zuckerberg suffers red-green color blindness.
South Africa is one of the few in Africa never to have had a coup d'etat, and regular elections have been held for almost a century
In professional shooting, Alcohol is considered to be a performance-enhancing drug because it relaxes you and slows your heart rate enough to give you an edge.
The original torch of the Statue of Liberty replaced in 1984 by a new copper torch covered in 24k gold leaf
1 in every 8 deaths on earth are linked to air pollution, a study says
Sympathizing with Kim Jong-un, leader of North Korea, is an illegal act in South Korea. Even blogging can land you in jail
Spiders can survive for hours underwater by entering a self-induced coma
Couples who are in love synchronize their heart rates after gazing into each others' eyes for three minutes.
51% of Italians can't afford a vacation.
The main exporter of Brazil nuts is not Brazil. It's Bolivia
Israel is so small, you can run through it from west to east in 2 hours and from top to bottom in 9 days.
Late-night dancing was illegal in Japan until 2015.
Right-handed people tend to chew food on the right side while left-handed tend to chew on the left side.
Barack Obama won a Grammy in 2006 for the audio version of his memoir, "Dreams From My Father."
A cooling cap can prevent breast cancer patients facing chemotherapy from losing their hair.
The heart symbol was first used to denote love in the 1250. Prior to that, it represented foliage.
If Bill Gates was a country he would be the #63 richest on earth.
Researchers found 1,458 new species of bacteria in belly buttons.
Argentina's economy is Latin America's third-largest and the second largest in South America.
In Japan there are more pets than children.
Every day, 16% of the searches that occur are ones that Google has never seen before.
Starbucks spends more money on health insurance for its employees than on coffee beans.
An 11-year-old girl gave Pluto its name
4% of the sand on Normandy beaches are still made up of metal particles from D-Day landings.
When two people kiss, they exchange between 10 million and 1 billion bacteria.
"Mortimer Mouse" was the original name of Mickey Mouse before Walt Disney's wife, Lillian, convinced him to change it.
In Cuba, the tourist economy operates with a different currency, the Convertible pesos (CUC), set at par with the US dollar.
Sign Language is one of three official languages of New Zealand.
George Washington is the only U.S. president to have received 100% of the electoral votes.
Contrary to popular belief, there are no wild tigers in Africa. Only in Asia.
Cuba has one of the highest literacy rates in the world: 99.8%.
Indonesia is home to the world's largest Islamic population.
Steve Jobs believed that his vegan diet would eliminate the need of showering
The first cloned dogs, six Canadian Labradors, started to work for South Korea's customs service as sniffers in 2009
8 of the 12 host cities for the 2014 FIFA World Cup in Brazil are among the 50 most violent cities in the world
Africa is larger than China, USA, India, Mexico and a big part of Europe combined.
The Statue Of Liberty Was Inspired By The Roman Pagan Goddess Libertas
The type of music you listen to affects the way you perceive the world.
Honey is the only food that will never rot, it can last 3000 years.
3 Olympic swimming pools can hold all the gold ever mined in the world.
In the UK, all horses, ponies and donkeys must have a horse passport
Around 5,000 people attempted to escape over the Berlin Wall, with an estimated death toll ranging from 136 to more than 200.
Chimpanzees can identify each other from pictures of their butts.
10% of US electricity is made from dismantled atomic bombs.
With 83 million people, as of 2019, Germany has the EU's largest population
British Pennies are used to adjust the time in London's Big Ben clock tower.
American Civil War soldiers had a code of honor that forbade shooting at men while they were pooping.
Earth is the only place in the Solar System where water can be present in its three states: solid, liquid and vapour
Yoda, from Star Wars, was almost played by a monkey.
The Salema Porgy is a species of fish that can cause hallucinations when eaten. In Ancient Rome it was consumed as a recreational drug.
The longest kiss ever recorded lasted 58 hours, 35 minutes and 58 seconds.
Berlin is 9 times bigger than Paris and has more bridges than Venice
Every 13 minutes, a woman dies from breast cancer in the U.S.
If we could capture just 0.1% of the ocean's kinetic energy caused by tides, we could satisfy the current global energy demand 5 times over.
Canada has more lakes than the rest of the world's lakes combined
Our moon is bigger than Pluto and 1/4 the diameter of Earth
The giant panda is actually a bear
The Titanic is the only ocean liner  to ever be sunk by an iceberg
Alaska has a sand desert with dunes over 150 feet (45 m) high
After World War I, there were so few men in Germany that only 1 in 3 women would find a husband
7%  of Americans  claim  they never bathe
Autism affects about 21.7 million people in the world.
Apple headquarters' employees earn an average of US$125,000 a year.
Nguyen Ngoc Loan, the executioner from the famous Vietnam War photo, opened a pizza joint in Virginia after the war
Saturn's moon Enceladus has ice volcanoes
In Russia there are 9 million more Women than men
Bill Gates bought Da Vinci's Codex Leicester in 1994 for US$30 million. A few pages were used as screen saver on Windows 95.
For every 1 million tons of oil shipped, about 1 ton is spilled
Whales can suffer from sunburns
In 2015, a U.S. journalist was sentenced to 5 years in jail for posting a link on the web
South Koreans drink twice as much alcohol as Russians
A newborn baby has about one cup of blood in his body.
4%of women in the U.S. are pregnant right now
The world's longest hangover lasted 4 weeks after a Scotsman consumed 60 pints of beer.
In 1962, John F Kennedy secretly installed a taping system in the White House.
Men with shaved heads are perceived as an inch taller and 13% stronger than men with hair.
Ancient Greece's boys went to school at the age of 7 if they lived in Athens, or went to the barracks if they lived in Sparta.
Sleeping less than 7 hours each night reduces your life expectancy.
The average Facebook U S. user spends 38 minutes a day on the site.
The Guarani language, one of the official languages of Paraguay along with Spanish, is one of the most-widely spoken indigenous languages of the Americas and the only one whose speakers include a large proportion of non-indigenous people.
Wherever you are in the state of Florida, you're never more than 60 miles from the nearest body of salt water.
The 15-minute chimes on Big Ben have lyrics: "All through this hour / Lord be my guide / And by Thy power / No foot shall slide."
On September 11, 2001, 2,996 people were killed in the terrorist attacks at the World Trade Center in NYC, the Pentagon building in Virginia, and in a plane crash in Pennsylvania.
Muslims use only the right hand for eating and drinking.
Bill Gates' children will only inherit US$10 million each, out of his US$72 billion net worth.
In his first few days in office, Barack Obama ordered the closing of the Guantanamo Bay detention camp, but Congress prevented it.
The First Disneyland Admission Ticket Ever Sold was purchased for US$1 in 1955.
In Japan, KFC is a typical feast of Christmas Eve.
Greater London's population was estimated to be 8.63 million in January 2015, the highest level since 1939
Your bones are composed of 31% water
The Netherlands has more bicycles than people, 1.3 per person
From the Middle Ages up to 1809, Finland was part of Sweden.
The Aztecs sacrificed 1% of their population every year, or about 250,000 people.
1 out of 42 boys and 1 in 189 girls are diagnosed with autism in the U.S.
Up to 1.5 billion people still do not have access to reliable phone services
Christians believe that Jesus is the Son of God and the savior of humanity whose coming as the Messiah was prophesied in the Old Testament.
The Moon is not round, but egg shaped.
Venezuela had the world's highest inflation rate in 2015 with over 141%
Japan suffers 1,500 earthquakes every year.
Some parts of Antarctica have had no rain or snow for the last 2 million years
Exercise, like walking, can reduce breast cancer risk by 25%.
Julius Caesar, Mark Antony and Octavian, all made pilgrimages to Alexander the Great's tomb in Alexandria.
Contact lenses were first proposed by Leonardo Da Vinci in 1508.
From birth to toilet training, a baby goes through an average of 8000 diaper changes.
The last person who died at the Berlin Wall attempted to escape in a hot air balloon but fell to his death.
While dinosaurs were ancestrally bipedal, many extinct groups included quadrupedal species, and some were able to shift between these stances.
The Longest Tunnel in the World is 57 km long and goes from Switzerland to Italy underneath Alps. It took 17 Years to Build.
Many scientists believe that an asteroid hit the Yucatan Peninsula of Mexico 65.5 million years ago and caused or contributed to the extinction of dinosaurs.
1089 x 9 = 9801.
President Obama has read every Harry Potter book.
Switzerland sent 31 soldiers to Afghanistan in 2003, its first military deployment since 1815.
The 'de-militarized' zone between North and South Korea is the world's most militarized zone
Airlines make more money selling air miles than seats: between 1.5 and 2.5 cents per mile.
An average swimming pool loses 1,000 gallons (3,785 L) a month to evaporation and other causes
Over 30% of cancer could be prevented by avoiding tobacco and alcohol, having a healthy diet and physical activity.
The Atlantic Ocean is big enough to let every person in the US have their own cubic kilometer in it.
Part of the White House was built by slaves
John F Kennedy had such concerns about the space program's high cost, that he proposed partnering with the Soviet Union on a joint expedition to the moon.
Martin Luther King Jr. is a Grammy Award winner for Best Spoken Word Album.
During the past 40 years, at least 20% of the Amazon rainforest has been cut down
In the UK, accents change noticeably about every 25 miles (40km)
When the "Elephant Whisperer" Lawrence Anthony died, a herd of elephants arrived at his house to mourn him
Women are approximately two times more likely than men to suffer from major depression.
The American Civil War broke out in 1861 when the Confederates attacked a U.S. fortress, Fort Sumter, and ended with the surrender of all Confederate armies in 1865.
Australia has the world's 12th-largest economy and it had the world's 5th-highest per-capita income in 2014.
Marijuana is legal and is not even classified as a drug in North Korea.
10 times more people  suffer from  major depression  now than in 1945.
In 1963, an East German soldier stole a tank drove it through the Berlin Wall to escape.
Florida was the first part of the continental U.S. to be visited by Europeans. Spanish conquistador Juan Ponce de Leon gave it its name, meaning "flowery land."
You can navigate YouTube in more than 80 different languages, covering 95% of the Internet population
1 in 8 adolescents in the U.S. have clinical depression.
Christopher Columbus Italian name was Cristoforo Colombo. He was a citizen of the Republic of Genoa.
Martin Luther King Jr. was jailed 29 times.
1 in 3 Jews in the U.S. put up a Christmas tree in their home during the holiday season, a survey found.
In China, over 35 million people still live in caves.
August 2014 was the warmest August ever recorded globally.
Judaism believes in another Torah (Bible) that Moses passed down orally in an unbroken chain from generation to generation for 1,400 years.
Oil is cheaper than water in Venezuela and Saudi Arabia
Instant Coffee was invented by a man called George Washington around 1910.
The key to happiness is spending your money on experiences rather than possessions, according to studies.
1 in 50,000 penguins are born with brown rather than black plumage
James Harrison has donated blood over 1,000 times saving over 2 million unborn babies from Rhesus disease.
100 million people come to India's Kumbh Mela Festival, the world's biggest gathering of humans
The "Welcome to Fabulous Las Vegas" sign was created in 1959.
California contains both the highest point (Mount Whitney) and the lowest point (Death Valley) in the contiguous United States.
The concept behind the word "cool" might come from the African word "itutu", brought to America by slavery
Venus has more volcanoes than any other planet in the solar system, with over 1600
Advertising to children under the age of 12 is illegal in Norway and Sweden.
The longest hot dog ever was made in Paraguay and had 668 ft (203 m).
600,000 hacking attempts are made to Facebook accounts every day.
Slavery was not made a statutory offense in the UK until April 6, 2010
If an atom were as big as the Solar System, a neutrino would as small as a golf ball
The head of the Statue of Liberty was displayed at the World's Fair of 1878 in Paris
In 1942, the Canadians and the British Navy launched a practice invasion of France, the "Dieppe Raid." 20% were killed, 10% wounded, 30% captured. The lessons learned in that disaster lead to D-Day's success.
Mount Everest is littered with not just the corpses of climbers but an estimated 50 tons of waste, making it world's dirtiest mountain
In October 1941, more than 50,000 Jews were killed by Romanian troops in what is now known as the "Odessa massacre."
It takes approximately 400 cacao beans to make one pound (450 gr.) of chocolate.
The Earth, seen from the moon, also goes through phases.
The average lifespan of a dolphin is 15 years. However, some of them lived 50 years.
Dinosaurs are not, technically, extinct, since birds are considered by science as a type of dinosaur.
Gold is edible.
The eruption of the Krakatoa volcano in Indonesia is believed to be the reason why the sky is red in Edvard Munch's painting "The Scream", set in Norway
A lack of exercise is now causing as many deaths as smoking across the world, a study suggests.
Arabic is an official language in Israel along with Hebrew.
In an average lifetime human skin completely replaces itself  900 times.
Walt and Roy Disney formed Disney Brothers Cartoon Studio in 1923. In 1926, the name was changed to Walt Disney Studio.
Humans have the same number of hair follicles as chimpanzees.
The CIA had a plot to use a depilatory chemical on Fidel Castro to cause his beard to fall out.
The movie Gravity was more expensive than the Indian Mars mission.
"Good cholesterol" (HDL) can "turn bad" and solidify into fat-clogs.
Iceland's population is smaller than that of Anaheim, California.
With a mainland area of 2,780,400 km2 (1,073,500 sq mi), Argentina is the eighth-largest country in the world.
Saturn's rings are only 30 to 300 feet (9 to 90 meters) thick
Around 1300 CE, Polynesians settled in today's New Zealand, and developed the distinctive Maori culture.
Denmark's population is the second happiest in the world according to the 2019 World Happiness Report.
13.8% of the world's population are Hindus.
Elvis Presley was just 22 years old when he paid US$102,500 for Graceland, the Memphis mansion that served as his home base for two decades.
The largest recorded earthquake in the U.S. was a magnitude 9.2 that struck Prince William Sound, Alaska in 1964
Sweden had a Charles VII but no Charles I to VI
The name "Jessica" first appeared in Shakespeare's play "The Merchant of Venice.
Spiders can walk on water, and breathe under it, too
In the Netherlands, there are dozens of public facilities where you can bring recreational drugs including marijuana, cocaine and ecstasy to test if they are safe.
Europe and Africa are only separated by 14.3 km (8.9 mi) of ocean and there are talks of creating the longest bridge ever.
Alexander the Great founded 70 cities, naming at least 20 after himself and one after his horse.
Your mobile phone has more computing power than the computers used for the Apollo 11 moon landing.
The lion from MGM is called "Leo the Lion".
The United States and Gabon are the only two countries that allow experimentation on chimpanzees.
In Buddhism, Karma is the force that drives the cycle of suffering and rebirth for each being.
Pluto has ice made out of water and a blue sky
In his lifetime, a man spends almost six months shaving.
20% of women in the U.S. earn at least $5,000 more than their spouse
Penguins can jump up to 6 feet (1.8 m) out of the water
80% of humanity lives on less than US$10 per day
Einstein's Nobel Prize money went to his ex-wife as a divorce settlement.
7 million Buddhists are found outside of Asia.
The average adult in Switzerland has a net worth of US$513,000
The First YouTube Video was uploaded in April 2005, featuring its co-founder Jawed Karim at the San Diego Zoo
In 2008, Norway knighted a penguin.
Barack Obama, the 44th President of the U.S., was the first African American to hold the office and the first born outside of the continental U.S.
Covering nearly 40 square miles, Walt Disney World Resort in Florida is about the size of San Francisco or two Manhattan islands.
U.S. troops in Vietnam employed over 5,000 'war dogs'
In 1973, Nixon gave Colombia a lunar rock collected during the Apollo 17 landing. The plaque reads "Presented to the People of the Republic of Columbia."
As of 2008, land degradation affected 1.5 billion people globally
North Korea, independent since 1948, is not recognized by Japan and South Korea.
The Horse Head used in the movie "The Godfather" was real
During Islam's Golden Age, scientists were paid the equivalent of what pro athletes are paid today.
There're more bacteria in your mouth than there are people in the world.
An Indian man claims he hasn't eaten or drunk for 70 years. After many tests, doctors still don't know how it's possible
Whales drown if they remain underwater for over 30 minutes
After Christianity, the largest religious affiliation in the U.S. is Judaism.
The blood you donate is sold on the open market and it's a US$4.5 billion per year industry.
Every second, the Sun sends to earth 10 times more neutrinos than the number of people on earth
The Italian mafia accounts for 7% of Italy's GDP.
Despite assassination plots, an invasion and five decades of economic sanctions, Fidel Castro outlasted nine U.S. presidents in power, from Eisenhower to Clinton.
Lack of oxygen in the brain for 5 to 10 minutes results in permanent brain damage
Residents of Churchill, Canada, leave their cars unlocked to offer an escape for pedestrians who might encounter Polar Bears
All Dutch electric trains are powered by wind energy, serving 600,000 passengers daily
40% of schizophrenics are left-handed, despite being only 10% of the world's population.
If your laptop feels hot, don't put it on your lap if you're a man, it may cause infertility.
JFK's application to Harvard was just 5 sentences long.
Modern versions of enslavement are estimated to trap about 45 million people worldwide.
More gold is recoverable from a ton of personal computers than from 17 tons of gold ore.
Japan has more than 50,000 people who are over 100 years old.
France once controlled more than 8% of the world's land.
15% of American adults do not use the Internet
The Cuban Missile Crisis of 1962 started as a result of information from a Russian spy who was executed by Russia the following year.
The water in a blue whale's mouth weighs as much as its entire body
The chances of us eating even one spider in our sleep throughout our lifetime is close to 0%
Dolphins and whales give birth  with the tail first instead of the head.
Demand for quinoa in Western nations has pushed up prices so much that poorer people in Peru and Bolivia, where quinoa is from, can no longer afford their staple crop
If you have US$10 in your pocket and no debts, you are wealthier than 25% of Americans.
Lack of sleep can cause weight gain of 2 pounds (0.9 kg)in under a week.
It takes the Solar System about 240 million years to complete one orbit of the Galaxy
Most dinosaurs are known from just a single tooth or bone.
In 1908 the Imperial Russian Olympic Team arrived in London 12 days too late for the games because they were not using the Gregorian calendar yet
George Washington died after his doctors removed 40% of his blood (80 ounces) over a 12-hour period to cure a throat infection.
Exposure to Secondhand smoke causes nearly 50,000 deaths each year in the U.S. alone
LSD was legal in California until 1966.
Chimps use medicinal plants to treat themselves for illness and injury.
The name "Amazon" comes from the "Amazons" of Greek mythology, a race of woman warriors. In many tribes of the area, women fought alongside the men
Some historians believe that Columbus visited Iceland's Snaefellsnes Peninsula in 1477 and there learned of Viking explorations of the New World.
Warner Music collected over US$2 million in royalties in 2008 for public usage of the "Happy Birthday" song.
Chicken contains 266% more fat than it did 40 years ago.
In 1891, London built a structure designed to surpass the Eiffel Tower in height. It was unsteady, never completed and demolished in 1907
Apple has more operating cash than the U.S. Treasury.
Elvis Presley hated John Lennon and wanted to beat him up for his anti-war stance.
31% of rock star deaths are related to drugs or alcohol.
The Sagrada Familia church in Spain, has been under construction for over 130 years and it's only expected to be complete by 2026
In 1801, the Kingdom of Ireland and the Kingdom of Great Britain merged to create a United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.
In military terms, D-Day means a date and H-Hour a time for combat operations.
The Bible is widely considered to be the best-selling book of all time, with estimated total sales of over 5 billion copies.
95% of Paraguayans are mestizos: people of mixed Spanish and Native-American ancestry.
Octopuses are eaten alive in Korea.
Every August 13 this celebrated "Left-Handers Day" since 1996.
Angel Falls in Venezuela is 17 times higher than Niagara
1 in 10 known species in the world lives in the Amazon Rainforest
The world's largest pyramid is not in Egypt but in Mexico.
Martin Luther King, Jr.'s original name was Michael Luther King, Jr.
In France, you can marry a dead person.
There's a volcano in Indonesia that spews blue flames.
Traffic in central London moves at the same speed as horse-drawn carriages a century ago
Iceland was the most peaceful place on Earth for six years straight since 2010, according to the Institute for Economics and Peace.
Koalas sleep up to 20 hours a day.
14 billion pounds (6B Kg.) of garbage are dumped into the ocean every year. Most of it is plastic.
London attracted over 16 million international visitors in 2014, making it the world's most visited city
142 million girls throughout the world will be married before the age of 18 by 2020 if present trends continue
Hinduism has no single founder, founding incident or date of origin.
The Musicians of the Titanic kept playing music for hours as the ship sank.
Pluto takes 248 years to orbit the Sun.
Men spend almost a year of their lives staring at women, a survey found.
About 24,000 people are killed by lightning strikes around the world each year.
Holding a vibrator against a person's throat relaxes the vocal muscles, thereby improving their voice quality
Severe Depression can cause us to biologically age more by increasing the aging process in cells.
If it were a country, California would be the 8th economy in the world and the 35th most populous.
Koalas are excellent swimmers.
Climbing the Mount Everest cost around US$65,000
37% of Americans think global warming is a hoax.
89% of people in Sweden speak English.
3.2 million people visit the Statue of Liberty every year
If you were to put Saturn in water, it would float
The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) reported in 2010 that 97,123 animals suffered pain during experiments while being given no anesthesia for relief.
About 90% of the world's earthquakes occur along the Ring of Fire, an area in the basin of the Pacific Ocean.
The FBI has a Twitter slang dictionary
Harry Potter's author J.K. Rowling lost her billionaire status because she donated so much of her money to charity.
A Japanese man survived both the Hiroshima and Nagasaki atomic bombings during WW2.
Two zebras died of hunger in a zoo in Palestine and were replaced with donkeys painted with black and white stripes
The Sunrise in parts of China can be as late as 10 AM because the country joined its five time zones into a single one.
D-Day was the largest seaborne invasion in history, with over 156,000 men landing in Normandy.
Four forward compartments could flood without risk of the Titanic sinking. Six did
The woman who rented her garage to Larry Page and Sergey Brin in 1998 when they were creating Google later became the CEO of YouTube
80% of information stored on all computers in the world is in English.
The U.S. government poisoned alcohol during Prohibition in the 20s and 30s, killing over 10,000 people
Pluto has a heart shape on its surface
George Washington was worth US$525 million in his day, when adjusted for inflation.
Sharks kill 12 people per year while people kill 11,417 sharks per hour.
Italy has the eighth-largest economy in the world.
The first heart transplant using a "dead heart" was performed by surgeons in Australia, in October 2014.
Steve Jobs never wrote a single line of programming code
Elizabeth II is the Queen of New Zealand and the head of state.
Kokura, Japan, was the original target of the atomic bomb that landed in Nagasaki.
China is the world's largest supplier of Bibles.
Women spend nearly one year of their lives deciding what to wear
Placebos are 31% to 38% effective in treating depression, compared to 46% to 54% for antidepressants.
George Washington was a ginger.
The average ocean depth is 2.5 miles (4 km).
Parents of new babies miss out on 6 months worth of sleep in the first 2 years of their child's life.
29,000 rubber ducks were lost at sea in 1992, and are still being found, revolutionizing our knowledge of ocean science.
Atomic bomb tests were a major tourist attraction in Las Vegas during the 1950s.
New Zealand is part of the "Zealandia" continent, of which, 93% is submerged.
In Norway, stripping counts as an art form for tax purposes.
Alexander The Great succeeded his father, Philip II, to the throne of Macedonia at the age of 20.
Chocolate magnate Milton Hershey canceled his reservations for the Titanic due to last minute business matters.
Over 800,000 people are arrested for marijuana in the U.S. each year.
Unlike many religions, Buddhism has no single central text that is universally referred to by all traditions.
Anne Frank wrote most of her diary in the form of letters to a person named "Kitty."
1 in 3 Americans is obese.
Venezuela was the most murderous place on Earth in 2015, where one person was murdered every 21 minutes
Bolivia was named after Simon Bolivar, a military leader who led Colombia, Venezuela, Ecuador, Peru, Panama and Bolivia to independence.
Shakespeare invented about 1,700 words that we use today
The top ten deadliest snakes can be found in Australia
The CIA reads up to5 million tweets a day
In 2013, Yuichiro Miura, an 80-year-old Japanese, became the oldest person to make it to the top of Mount Everest and down
Neptune has the strongest winds in the Solar System: 2,100 km/hour (1,304 mph)
More than 1,000 white farmers have been killed in South Africa since 1990
There are more skin cancer cases due to indoor tanning than lung cancer cases due to smoking.
The average woman in the UK owns 19 pairs of shoes, but wears only 7
In Germany, there's no punishment for a prisoner who tries to escape from jail because it is a basic human instinct to be free
If you drilled a tunnel straight through the Earth and jumped in, it would take you about 42 minutes to get to the other side.
Sweden banned spanking and other corporal punishments of children in 1979
Denmark's current flag design was first used in 1219. No other modern country has used its flag for so long.
Alexander The Great began his reign by eliminating potential rivals to the throne, including his cousin, the former Amyntas IV, who was executed.
A 2011 poll of nearly 1,000 biomedical scientists conducted by the science journal Nature found that more than 90% agreed that the use of animals in research is essential.
Krusty the Clown was originally created to be Homer's secret identity
In 2013, soccer player Cristiano Ronaldo opened a museum dedicated to himself
Mexico's official name is United Mexican States.
There's only one all-white humpback whale known in the world
California has been the birthplace of the film industry, the hippie counterculture, the Internet, and the personal computer.
Cubans were prohibited from owning cell phones until 2008.
South Africa is the world's 24th-most populous nation, with over 55 million people
Paris was originally a Roman city called "Lutetia".
The population of Finland is 5.5 million as of 2019, with a density of 18 inhabitants per square km, the lowest in the EU.
At the ocean's deepest point, the water pressure is the equivalent of having 50 jumbo jets piled on top of you.
Leonardo Da Vinci was homeschooled and lacked a formal education in Greek and Latin.
George Washington stopped the Revolutionary War to return a lost dog to the enemy.
Most of Las Vegas' iconic hotels and even its famous welcome sign aren't technically located in the city of Las Vegas. They are in an unincorporated township called Paradise, Nevada.
The Afghan War is the longest war in U.S. history.
The year 2010 was the warmest on record.
Your heartbeat changes and mimics the music you listen to.
Benjamin Franklin invented  the bifocals eyeglasses  in 1784.
Antarctica is the largest desert in the world.
Humans have been hunter-gatherers for 99% of their history.
The Soviets landed a spacecraft on Venus in 1970. It became the first to land on another planet and the first to transmit data from there back to Earth
In 1986, a volcanic lake in Cameroon, Africa burped a C02 gas cloud that killed 1,746 people in minutes
There's a cruise ship that runs between Stockholm, Sweden, and Helsinki, Finland, just to purchase cheap alcohol.
The Harry Potter brand has been estimated to be worth as much as US$15 billion.
Within three days of death, the enzymes that once digested your dinner begin to eat you.
In 1998,  TIME Magazine named Bart Simpson one of the  most influential people of the century.
The declaration and fight for independence of Argentina that started in 1810 was followed by an extended civil war that lasted until 1880.
There are 100 divorces every hour in the U.S.
Islam believes to be the complete and universal version of a primordial faith revealed many times before through prophets like Adam, Noah, Abraham, Moses, and Jesus.
Worldwide, an estimated 5,000 women and girls are murdered every year for a perceived dishonor to their families
The Eiffel Tower is the most-visited paid monument in the world: 6.07 million people in 2018
In 2019, Apple grew to 139,000 employees around the world.
Hinduism believes the conditions of one's present life are due to karma, or accumulated good or bad behavior in past lives.
About 300,000 pedestrians, the population of Iceland, pass through Times Square every day.
The Ancient Greeks exercised naked.
About 153,000 people will die on your birthday.
On its one-year anniversary, the NASA's Curiosity Rover sang the Happy Birthday tune to itself on Mars.
Doctors' sloppy handwriting kills more than 7,000 people annually.
Brazil's economy is the world's 8th-largest by GDP as of 2019.
Some Fish, like the Triggerfish, can swim backward.
Listening to music while working out measurably improves physical performance.
The Quran emphasizes bodily resurrection, a break from the pre-Islamic Arabian understanding of death.
1.9 million people were working for McDonald's in 2019 and its franchisees around the world.
Since 1870, global sea levels have risen by about 8 inches (20 cm).
When Columbus "discovered" the Americas, the continent was already inhabited by 90 million people which was a third of the world's population.
The average office desk has 400 times more bacteria than a toilet.
The strongest beer in the world has a 67.5% alcohol content.
The death penalty was outlawed in the UK partly because a man was wrongfully executed for the murder of his wife and daughter in 1950.
The majority of Internet traffic is not generated by humans, but bots like Google and Malware
There were once camels roaming in the deserts of Arizona.
Being hit by lightning causes weird skin designs called "Lichtenberg figures."
In the UK, if you reach your 100th birthday, you get a personalized card from the Queen
There's no physical description of Jesus in the Bible.
Germany's decades-long tendency to population decline has been offset by waves of immigration
People who work 11 hours or more a day are 67% more likely to have a heart attack than people with an 8-hour work day, according to a study.
There is a sect, offshoot of Christianity, that believes Jesus is currently living in China as a Chinese woman.
A porcupine can fight off a pride of lions.
75% of the world's active and dormant volcanoes are in the Ring of Fire, an area in the basin of the Pacific Ocean.
Only female mosquitoes drink blood. Males are vegetarians.
Herrings communicate through farts.
The first webcam was created in Cambridge to check the status of a coffee pot.
About 100 billion people have died in all human history.
Neuroscientists believe babies don't dream for the first few years of their life.
The Queen of England owns a McDonald's near Buckingham Palace.
Bart Simpson's name is an anagram of  BRAT. His full name is Bartholomew Jojo Simpson
2.4 billion people used Facebook at least once a month in Q2 2019, while 1.5 billion used it every day.
There's a Golf Club on the border of Sweden and Finland: half the holes are in one country and half in the other.
The inventor of the Chocolate Chip Cookie sold the idea to Nestle Toll House in return for a lifetime supply of chocolate.
Paraguay and Brazil's Itaipu Dam is the hydroelectric plant that produces more energy in the world, setting a new world record in 2016.
Smoking costs the U.S. US$333 billion per year in health-care expenses and lost productivity to boot.
Publisher Bloomsbury offered just 2,500 in advance for Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone, the first book of the series.
Pandas can poop up to 40 times a day
Anne Frank was born Annelies Marie Frank on June 12, 1929.
350 million people of all ages around the world suffer from depression.
Giraffes only need 5 to 30 minutes of sleep in a 24-hour period.
Michael Phelps, the most decorated Olympian of all time, was bullied as a kid for his gangly form and big ears.
The fastest a dolphin can swim near the surface is 33.5 mph (54 km/h).
Harry Potter and author JK Rowling share the same birthday
There are more living organisms in a teaspoonful of soil than there are people on earth.
There are 177,147 ways to tie a tie, according to mathematicians.
One of the widest freeways in the world is the Katy Freeway, part of the Interstate 10 in Texas, with up to 26 lanes across
All characters on The Simpson's have just 4 fingers on each hand, except for one with five: God
The pyramids were built by paid laborers. Not slaves. That's a myth by Herodotus, the Greek historian
In 15 years of conquest, Alexander The Great never lost a battle.
Iran sentences its citizens to the death penalty if they decide to change their religion from Islam.
English words "I", "we", "two", and "three" are among the most ancient, from thousands of years.
Facebook has 100 million active users in Africa.
China has the world's largest standing army and second-largest defense budget as of 2019.
Pluto never made a full revolution around the sun while it was still considered a planet
Benjamin Franklin was born in Boston, Massachusetts, on January 17, 1706. He lived 85 years.
1 billion people still defecate in the open, in the absence of a toilet
Scientists have discovered that monkeys are susceptible to optical illusions, just like humans.
If you were drafted during the American Civil War you could legally pay someone else $300 to go in your place.
Qatar's 2022 World Cup will take more lives than 9/11 due to horrible working conditions for migrant workers building stadiums and infrastructure
In 1981, a man who had been bullying residents of a small Missouri town was murdered in broad daylight when 46 people rose up against him, in an act of vigilante justice.
All characters on The Simpson's are based on, and named after his creator Matt Groening's family
Saturn's rings are younger than the dinosaurs. They were likely formed just 100 million years ago.
Las Vegas is home to 17 of the 20 largest hotels in the U.S.
In western Iran, there's a viper with a fake spider for a tail
Apple sold 572,000 iPhones per day in 2018.
You can change your language on Facebook to "Pirate."
On average, soccer players run as far as 9.5 miles in a single match.
Smoking causes 1 in every 5 deaths in the U.S. every year
Of modern countries currently independent, New Zealand was the first to allow women the vote.
La Tomatina is an annual festival held in Spain where people throw thousands of tomatoes at each other.
After WW1, Finland, Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania, and Poland emerged as independent nations.
Alexander the Great was tutored by Aristotle until the age of 16.
Every Apple iPhone ad displays the time as 9:41 AM, the time Steve Jobs unveiled it in 2007
Kissing someone for one minute burns about 2 calories.
Stalin didn't start learning Russian until he was 8. His mother tongue was Georgian
2,520 is the smallest number that can be exactly divided by all the numbers 1 to 10.
Dolphins have the longest memory in the animal kingdom.
The 7 spikes on the Statue of Liberty's crown represent the 7 oceans and the 7 continents of the world, indicating the universal concept of liberty
Romantic love is biochemically indistinguishable from having a severe obsessive-compulsive disorder.
It would take less than 6 months to get to the Moon by car at 60mph (95km/h).
Research shows that if you're afraid of spiders, you're more likely to find one in your bedroom
20,000 children die worldwide every day due to poverty
The theory that the Sun is the center around which the planets orbit was first proposed by the ancient Greek Aristarchus of Samos in the 3rd century BC
The Amazon rainforest  has been in existence for at least  55 million years
During his time as a Congressman and later as U.S. President, John F Kennedy donated all of his salary to charity.
The English word Bible comes from the Latin "biblia" which means "books".
Sideburns are named after American Civil War General, General Burnside.
In the U.S., 1 in 8 women will be diagnosed with breast cancer in their lifetime.
Spiders eat their own webs to recycle them
Prostitution is legal in Canada. Buying the services of a prostitute is not
Humans killed at least 2.8 million whales in the 20th century
Japanese Trains are among the world's most punctual: their average delay is just 18 seconds.
Hinduism worships over 33 million gods or demigods.
Depression can cause you to dream up to 3 to 4 times more than you normally would.
Nelson Mandela slept on a thin mat on a stone floor for most of his 27 years in prison.
Proportionally speaking, the most destructive war in modern history was the War of the Triple Alliance, which took the lives of over 60% of Paraguay's population, leaving a woman/man ratio of 4 to 1.
North Korea has  51 "Social Categories"  ranked by their  loyalty to the regime.
About 2,000 pandas are found in the wild
The oldest known fossil penguin species lived in the early Paleocene epoch  of New Zealand, about 62 million years ago
Heavy marijuana smokers are at risk for some of the same health effects as cigarette smokers, like bronchitis and other respiratory illnesses.
All of the 20 richest women in the world --except for #17-- inherited their money from either their husband or their father
London was founded by the Romans, who named it Londinium
160,000 U.S. children miss school every day due to a fear of bullying.
Coffee is most effective if consumed between 9:30 am and 11:30 am.
In the U.K., it is legal for kids over 5 years old to drink alcohol at home or on other private premises
YouTube was founded by 3 former employees of PayPal
The moon is moving away from us by 3.78 cm (1.48 in) a year.
The estimated number of dinosaur species that existed in the Mesozoic era is between 1,543 and 2,468 species.
An American Soldier ran across the border to North Korea in 1962 and lived there for the rest of his life.
There are Potato Chips Dipped in Milk Chocolate.
Before trees were common, the Earth was covered with giant mushrooms.
About 300 couples marry in Las Vegas every day.
Antarctica is about 1.3 times as large as Europe
In 2001, the World Christian Encyclopedia counted 33,830 different Christian denominations.
Cats, from lions and tigers right down to domestic felines, cannot taste anything sweet.
1 out of every 8 Americans is from California, the most populous state, with 39.9 million people as of 2019.
Facebook has 43,030 full-time employees as of September 30, 2019.
A cat has been the mayor of Talkeetna, Alaska for 15 years
McDonald's is not the world's largest restaurant chain. Subway is.
60% of the world's population live in countries where the death penalty is legal, such as China, India, the U.S. and Indonesia.
In London, it is illegal to die in the Houses of Parliament
The average toilet uses 6 litres (1.6 gal) of clean water in a single flush
Ancient Egyptians worshiped over 1,400 different gods and goddesses.
HP Printer black ink is more expensive than blood.
Floating cities above the clouds of Venus may be our best bet for becoming a two-planet species. Conditions there are so similar to Earth a human wouldn't need a pressurized suit, the gravity is similar and transit times are shorter than to Mars
A child dies every 8 seconds from contaminated water
In ancient Greek, the word "idiot" meant anyone who wasn't a politician.
Finland is the world's happiest country, according to the 2019 World Happiness Report.
The parliament of Iceland, established in 930, is the oldest active parliament in the world.
There's a toilet-themed restaurant in Taiwan, where food is served on miniature toilets
Nelson Mandela and his first wife divorced after 13 years because of his adultery, and the fact that she was a member of the Jehovah's Witnesses, a religion requiring political neutrality.
In 2010, Minnesota used more cats for testing than any other state (2,703), New Jersey used the most dogs (6,077), and Massachusetts used the most primates (7,458).
The Statue of Liberty was intended for Egypt.
Earthquakes turn water into gold.
George Washington never wore a wig: his hair was naturally long and lustrous, although he did use powder to make it white.
There are about 500,000 detectable earthquakes in the world each year. 100,000 of those can be felt, and 100 of them cause damage.
A teaspoon of water contains about 500,000,000,000,000,000,000,000 atoms in it.
The average smoker in the U.S. spends US$1,500 to US$3,300 a year
Disney owns 80% of ESPN.
By the end of 2019, Facebook had offices in 70 cities worldwide.
Martin Luther King Jr. was the youngest person to win the Nobel Peace Prize until Malala won it on 2014.
An individual horse has a peak power output of 14.9 horsepower
China is the world's most populous country, with an estimated 1.4 billion people as of 2019, and the third-largest by land area.
The richest man in Asia, Sir Ka-shing Li, dropped out of school at the age of 15.
A person from Las Vegas is called a "Las Vegan".
Bananas are slightly radioactive.
Human life expectancy has increased more in the last 50 years than in the previous 200,000 years of human existence.
Flowers can grow faster by listening to music.
The word "Dinosaur" comes from the ancient Greek and means "terrible lizard".
France is the most visited country in the world: 83 million tourists in 2012.
Of all the solar system's planets, Venus is the closest to a twin of Earth, with a similar size, orbit and composition
If you have a pizza with radius Z and thickness A, its volume is = Pi*Z*Z*A
The Bible was Isaac Newton's greatest passion, writing more about religion than science and mathematics.
Underweight models are banned in Israel to fight against anorexia.
If people worldwide switched to energy efficient lightbulbs the world would save US$120 billion annually
It's illegal in many countries to perform surgery on an octopus without anesthesia due to their intelligence.
In 1999, the U.S. government paid the Zapruder family US$16 million for the film of JFK's assassination.
The original tapes of the Apollo 11 moon landing were erased and re-used by mistake.
Women speak about 20,000 words a day. That's 13,000 more than the average man
In the border between Egypt and Sudan, there are795 sq miles (2,060 km2) of land unclaimed by neither.
McDonald's makes about US$75 million per day.
Tokyo Disneyland was the first Disney theme park outside of the U.S. It was opened in April 1983.
Vietnamese don't call it the "Vietnam War," they call it the "Resistance War Against America.
Recycling one aluminum can saves enough energy to listen to a full album on your iPod
The official Twitter account of @Sweden is given to a random citizen every week to manage
Brazil has the 2nd highest number of airports in the world, after the U.S.
There are more life forms living on your skin than there are people on the planet.
Vegetarians are 19% less likely to die from heart disease, a study found.
It snows metal on planet Venus
Newton invented/discovered calculus in about the same amount of time the average student learns it.
Every adult Muslim must go on a pilgrimage to Mecca at least once in a lifetime if he is physically and financially capable.
A man in Nebraska is breeding red cows and sending them to Israel so that Jews build a Third Temple and "Jesus comes again".
90% of the world's fresh water is in Antarctica
Historically, for every 100 climbers who have made it to the summit of Mount Everest, 4 have died
6 months takes to make an episode of The Simpsons
Robert F. Kennedy was shot by a Palestinian because of his strong support for Israel.
London ranked as the 6th most expensive city to live in 2016
Some Buddhist monks in Japan used to practice self-mummification by adhering to a special diet, then sealing themselves alive into burial chambers.
Einstein was offered the presidency of Israel which he politely declined.
In Finland, 9 out of 10 plastic bottles are returned for recycling and almost 100% of glass bottles are also recycled.
The word "mortgage" comes from a French word that means "death contract".
D'oh! is a real word in the  Oxford English Dictionary . In The Simpsons scripts, it just says "annoyed grunt.
Benjamin Franklin was an advocate of "air baths", during which he would spend up to an hour reading or writing in his house completely naked.
Benjamin Franklin organised and was the first secretary of the American Philosophical Society. He was elected president in 1769.
Christianity is the world's largest religion, with over 2.4 billion adherents, about a third of the world's population.
Over 3 million people perished from war, slavery, and the mines in Hispaniola under the rule of Christopher Columbus.
Every resident of Alaska gets an annual "oil royalty check", a payment representing their share of revenue from Alaskan oil. In 2008, it was US$2,069
In 5,000 years of human history, only one disease has been eradicated: smallpox.
Sitting for more than three hours a day can cut two years off a person's life expectancy.
Switzerland has the second highest life expectancy in the world with 83.4 years
Con artist Victor Lustig "sold" the Eiffel Tower to a scrap metal dealer
California's official state animal, the California grizzly bear, is extinct.
Mexico is the world's fattest country.
According to astronauts, space smells like seared steak, hot metal and welding fumes
In 2006, a woman farted on a plane and tried to cover up the smell by lighting matches, causing an emergency landing
Finland is part of Fennoscandia, not Scandinavia.
At its economic height, in the 5th and 4th centuries BC, Ancient Greece was the most advanced economy in the world.
Steve Jobs was awarded 141 new patents since his death
The stripes on each tiger are unique, like human fingerprints
Six ten-billionths of the Sun is gold
The first Google Doodle was dedicated to the Burning Man festival attended by Google founders in 1998.
Excavations throughout Italy revealed a Neanderthal presence dating back to some 200,000 years ago, while modern Humans arrived about 40,000 years ago.
First marriages that end in a divorce usually last approximately 8 years.
While most of the Amazon rainforest is in Brazil (60%), it's also in Peru (13%), Colombia (10%), Venezuela, Ecuador, Bolivia and three countries.
The Sahara desert stretches farther than the distance from New York to Los Angeles.
The global average sea level rose by 19 cm (7.4 in) from 1901 to 2010, as oceans expanded due to warming and melting ice
Beer was illegal in Iceland until March 1, 1989. Now, the date is celebrated every year in Reykjavik as Bjordagur, or Beer Day.
Pluto was demoted to dwarf planet status not because it was too small, but because it's not unique among a mass of objects that orbit the sun beyond Neptune
Many expensive Perfumes contain whale poop
In 1993, the U.S. Congress and President Clinton apologized for overthrowing the Hawaiian Kingdom in 1893 and acknowledged that the U.S. annexed Hawaii unlawfully.
A Vietnam War Sniper crawled for 3 days across 2000m of open field, killed a general with one shot, then crawled back
Fidel Castro holds the record for the longest speech ever delivered to the United Nations: 4 hours and 29 minutes, on Sept. 26, 1960.
Author J. K. Rowling wrote the final chapter of the last Harry Potter book in 1990, 7 years before the release of the first book.
The largest earthquake ever recorded was a magnitude 9.5 in Chile back in 1960.
The Minangkabau tribe of Indonesia, where marriage perpetuates the female line, refer to a husband as the "borrowed man."
1 in 3 people people lack access to basic sanitation services, such as toilets or latrines
All prisoners in Norway have internet in their cells.
Norway's public Universities are free for students from anywhere in the world.
Every year, Walt Disney World's "Lost and Found" collects more than 6,000 cell phones, 3,500 digital cameras, and 18,000 hats.
There's a direct descendant of Christopher Columbus alive today. He's a Spanish noble.
Barack Obama was the first sitting U.S. president to visit a federal prison.
Humans are 50% heavier and four inches taller in the past 100 years than they have been throughout most of human history.
In 1998, all 11 members of a soccer team in Africa were killed by lightning while leaving the other team unhurt.
A 13-year old boy in Florida was once arrested for excessive farting in school.
100 acres of Pizza are served in the U.S. every day
JFK  has been the  only Roman Catholic  U.S. president.
Canada's population density is among the lowest in the world, at 3.7 inhabitants per sq km (9.6/sq mi)
Anne Frank's concentration camp was liberated by British troops just weeks after her death.
Al-Qaeda initially considered targeting nuclear power plants on 9/11 but decided against it, fearing things could "get out of control."
The Eiffel Tower is the tallest structure  in Paris: 324 metres (1,063 ft) high
Many Fish can taste without even opening their mouths.
People in Africa and Asia have to walk an average of 3.7 miles (6 KM) to collect water.
Your brain uses 20% of the total oxygen and blood in your body
A man rode his bike from Sweden to Mount Everest and then tried to summit. He turned around 300 feet from the top
The US National Institutes of Health (NIH) spends $14 billion of its $31 billion annual budget on animal research.
If you earn more than US$21,000 a year, you are part of the richest 4% of the planet
Benjamin Franklin attempted to abolish slavery already in 1790.
Angelina Jolie's breast cancer announcement doubled the number of women being tested in its first few months.
In 1962, the U.S. blew up a hydrogen bomb in space that was 100 times more powerful than Hiroshima.
The U.S. purchased Alaska from Russia for just US$7.2 million in 1867
California has more than 130,000 people in prison.
Apple earns US$300,000 per minute.
You can't cry on space because your tears won't ever fall
Two actors have died playing Judas in live Biblical productions by accidentally hanging themselves for real during his death scene
The Danish monarchy is over 1000 years old, making it the oldest monarchy in Europe still existing today.
The "I'm feeling lucky" button costs Google US$110 million per year, as it bypasses all ads.
50%is the lifetime risk of developing Cancer for a man in the U.S.
Swedish scientist Svante Arrhenius was the first to claim that fossil fuel combustion may eventually result in enhanced global warming already in 1896.
In 2004, Gates predicted that the problem of spam email would be gone within two years.
There is a "Gospel of Judas" not found in the Bible that speaks of Judas as the only one of Jesus' disciples who fully understood his teachings. He turned Jesus over to the Romans because Jesus asked him to.
Newton was secretly an Alchemist.
The Netherlands is the world's largest per capita consumer of coffee, averaging 2.4 cups of coffee per person per day
The world's biggest family lives together in India: a man with 39 wives and 94 children
In 1999, the founders of Google actually tried to sell it to Excite for just US$1 million. Excite turned them down.
A clean mouth has between 1,000 and 100,000 bacteria on each tooth.
In the wild, male lions live  10 to 14 years.
Baby foreskins are commonly used in cosmetic treatments.
George Washington is worshipped as a god by Japanese Shinto priests in Hawaii.
Japan's birth rate is so low adult diapers are sold more than baby diapers.
It's scientifically proven that even a small dose of POWER changes how a person's brain operates and diminishes empathy
McDonald's restaurants feed 68 million people every day. That's more than the entire population of the U.K.
.Sucking a king's nipples was a gesture of submission in ancient Ireland.
The world's oceans contain nearly 20 million tons of gold.
The San people of Southern Africa today use the same set of tools that were found in a Cave, dating to 44,000 years ago.
A russian woman in the 1700s gave birth to 16 pairs of twins, 7 sets of triplets and 4 sets of quadruplets in just 40 years with the same man
Koala bears aren't bears: They're marsupials.
Tomato ketchup can prevent heart disease more effectively than fresh tomatoes.
The 'intense world theory of autism' suggests that autistic people shut down because they experience and feel too much.
Breathing the air of Beijing has the same health risks as smoking 21 cigarettes a day
The Earth's average global land and ocean surface temperature for September 2019 was 0.95C (1.71F) above the 20th century average.
In 1672, an angry mob of Dutchmen killed and ate their prime minister
McDonald's first menu items were hot dogs, not hamburgers.
Denmark has a population of 5.8 million people as of 2019. Despite a low birth rate, it keeps growing thanks to immigration.
Fortune cookies are not a traditional Chinese custom. They were invented in early 1900 in San Francisco.
It would take 1,200,000 mosquitoes, each sucking once, to completely drain the average human of blood.
In 2007, the CIA released documents that revealed the agency's collaboration with the italian mafia in a failed 1960 attempt to assassinate Fidel Castro.
North Korea is officially not Communist. Since 2009 its ideology is called "Juche".
Men lie 6 times a day, twice as often as women.
The New York Times wrote an article about every single 9/11 victim.
An Octopus doesn't have  8 arms  but 6 arms and 2 legs.
The Mahabharata, used to teach the principles of Hinduism, is 1.8 million words long and is the longest poem in the world.
There are more bicycles in Copenhagen, Denmark, than people.
Cuba is the largest island in the Caribbean, with an area of 110,860 square kilometres (42,800 sq mi).
After 9/11, the Maasai tribe of Kenya gave 14 of their most important cattle to America as aid.
The Statue of Liberty has a 35-foot (10,6m) waistline
A third of all divorce filings of 2011 in the U.S. contained the word "Facebook."
In Iceland, you can hand-draw a map on a piece of mail without an address, and it will still make it to its destination.
Young elephants, pandas, koalas, and hippos eat the feces of their mothers.
Between 40% and 80% of the population of Classical Athens were slaves.
People who regularly eat dinner or breakfast in restaurants double their risk of becoming obese.
At any given time, 0.7% of the world is drunk. So 50 million people are drunk right now.
When the Golden Gate Bridge opened on May 27, 1937, the celebration lasted a week.
Bill Gates was arrested in New Mexico in 1977 for jumping a red light and driving without a license.
Both of Nelson Mandela's parents were illiterate.
Dogs have 13 blood types, horses have 8, cows have 9 while Humans only have 4
YouTube has over 2 billion users, almost one-third of all people on the Internet
Norway introduced Salmon Sushi to the Japanese in the 80s.
In 1917, Germany invited Mexico to join WW1 by attacking the U.S. in order to recover the lost territories of Texas, New Mexico and Arizona
Americans throw away 2.5 million plastic bottles per hour. Each one takes 500 years to decompose
There's an empty place next to Muhammad's Tomb, Islam's main Prophet, reserved for Jesus.
Christmas was illegal in the U.S. until 1836 as it was considered an Ancient Pagan Holiday.
London's "Big Ben" is not the tower. It's the bell inside it.
Crucifixion is still an official form of death penalty in Sudan.
Elephants and chimpanzees can display behavior patterns similar to post-traumatic stress disorder and depression.
Spending money on others yields more happiness than spending it on yourself, a study concluded
M&Ms were created in 1941 as a means for soldiers to enjoy chocolate without it melting.
One-third of first heart attacks are fatal, and another third result in permanent damage to the heart.
Barack Obama's late father was a senior economist for the Kenyan government.
Denmark has been inhabited since around 12,500 BC and agriculture has been evident since 3,900 BC.
The average person takes 183,755,600 steps in a lifetime.
Kissing someone is more sanitary than shaking hands, if you want to avoid a cold.
Between 1492 and 1503, Christopher Columbus completed four round-trip voyages between Spain and the Americas, all of them under the sponsorship of the Crown of Castile.
A bolt of lightning contains enough energy to toast 160,000 pieces of bread.
In Mexico, artists can pay their taxes with artwork.
January 2019 was the hottest month ever in Australia, with average temperatures exceeding 30 C (86 F).
Texas has its own pledge of allegiance
Anne Frank was born in Frankfurt, Germany, but her family moved to Amsterdam in the early 1930s when the Nazis gained control.
Mount Everest has about 200 dead bodies on it, which are now landmarks on the way to the top
The weird bright dots you see floating when you look at the sky are your white blood cells
In Denmark, it's illegal to burn foreign flags, but not illegal to burn the Danish flag.
The tower where Big Ben is located is officially known as "Elizabeth Tower." It was completed in 1859.
Michael Jackson wanted to do a Harry Potter musical, but J.K. Rowling said no.
The Swiss own more guns per head than the Iraqis
1 billion hours of video are watched on YouTube every day
The word "bride" comes from an old proto-germanic word meaning "to cook".
